# News pieces are divided into plot pieces (in news-website timeline), and "other" pieces (below).


#####

Blue:
In an unexpectedly bold move, congress has passed a bill that will help destroy the foundation of illegal drug and terrorism organizations. The bill deals with interception and analysis of data at the Internet Service Provider (ISP) level. What this means for you is nothing, essentially. But  terrorists, drug-peddlers, and other criminals had better watch out, because everything they do online can now be (legally) secretly monitored, recorded, and used against them in a court of law. Good citizens like you and me have nothing to fear from this, because it will only be used to catch terrorists and dangerous criminals.


Red:
Finally, a liberal congress with some balls. Despite resistance from the Liberals, a bill that will help destroy the foundation of illegal drug and terrorism organizations has been passed. Now, our heroic government agents have fewer bureaucratic red-tape keeping them from pursuing the freedom-hating terrorists who endanger our society. Until now, the Internet has been a safe haven for Pirates of Intellectual Property, Terrorists, Drug Cartels, and other threats. No more! All possible wiretapping and interceptions (past and present) can now be used to stop these groups. If our conservative heroes in congress keep this up, the sympathizing Liberals won't have a chance to further destabilize our great, free nation.


Underground:
They're doing it again. Congress, in an effort to cover its ass in the wake of the recent wiretapping scandal (where an anonymous hacker leaked documents proving the existence of massive, extrajudicial, country-wide surveillance of innocent private citizens), has done something incredible. Instead of apologizing, they are simply NOT ACKNOWLEDGING THAT IT WAS ILLEGAL, and have now legalized the wiretapping that's been going on. Say goodbye to your privacy. And remember, if you speak up, you will disappear. So get back in line, citizen, and keep your thoughts to yourself. Certainly don't post them on the internet. We recommend starting with encryption.


#####



